Locations Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Connect From Off-Campus Hours Accessibility Accounts Giving Locations Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Connect From Off-Campus Hours Accessibility Accounts Giving Locations Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Gateway Study Center Connect From Off-Campus Locations Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Gateway Study Center Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Gateway Study Center Langson Library Ayala Science Library Grunigen Medical Library Law Library Gateway Study Center Connect From Off-Campus Hours Accessibility Accounts Giving Hours Accessibility Accounts Giving University of California Irvine Room Reservations Space Availability - Science Library Space Availability - Science Library NOTE: Our reservation system has been updated. Instead of choosing multiple time slots to extend your booking, choose a timeslot for your start time and use the drop down menu that appears below the calendar to select your end time. These study rooms contain a table, chairs and a white board (unless otherwise noted), with small windows for natural light. Study Room Reservation Policies Rooms may be booked by current UCI students, staff, and faculty. Book up to 7 days in advance. Daily Limit: 2 hours across all study rooms. Furniture may not be moved in or out of study rooms. Remove all personal items, including trash, at the end of your reservation. UCI Libraries are not responsible for unattended belongings. If you will not be using the room, cancel your reservation through the link in your email confirmation. This is both a courtesy to other students and will ensure that these hours do not count toward your daily limit. When it is time for your reservation proceed directly to the study room. Always have your email confirmation readily available. The UCI Libraries reserve the right to cancel reservations due to unforeseen circumstances (e.g. emergency maintenance is required). Rooms may be booked by current UCI students, staff, and faculty. Book up to 7 days in advance. Daily Limit: 2 hours across all study rooms. Furniture may not be moved in or out of study rooms. Remove all personal items, including trash, at the end of your reservation. UCI Libraries are not responsible for unattended belongings. If you will not be using the room, cancel your reservation through the link in your email confirmation. This is both a courtesy to other students and will ensure that these hours do not count toward your daily limit. When it is time for your reservation proceed directly to the study room. Always have your email confirmation readily available. The UCI Libraries reserve the right to cancel reservations due to unforeseen circumstances (e.g. emergency maintenance is required).